Play docs (#9820)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/getting_started/playground.md

# ClickHouse Playground

> ClickHouse Playground allows users to run ClickHouse queries instantly, without setting up their own server or cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ClickHouse Playground](https://play.clickhouse.tech?file=welcome) allows people to experiment with ClickHouse by running queries instantly, without setting up their own server or cluster.
```

Several example datasets are available in Playground as well as sample queries that show ClickHouse features.

> The queries are run as readonly user. This implies some limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The queries are executed as read-only user. This implies some limitations:
```

- DDL queries are not allowed
- INSERT queries are not allowed

> Following settings are also set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following settings are also enforced:
```

- `max_result_bytes=10485760` 
- `max_result_rows=2000`
- `result_overflow_mode=break`

> - `max_execution_time=60000`

Reviewer: Links to documentation about these settings?

> - `max_execution_time=60000`

Author: ```suggestion
- [`max_result_bytes=10485760`](../operations/settings/query_complexity/#max-result-bytes) 
- [`max_result_rows=2000`](../operations/settings/query_complexity/#setting-max_result_rows) 
- [`result_overflow_mode=break`](../operations/settings/query_complexity/#result-overflow-mode)
- [`max_execution_time=60000`](../operations/settings/query_complexity/#max-execution-time)
```

ClickHouse Playground gives the experience of m2.small
[Managed Service for ClickHouse](https://cloud.yandex.com/services/managed-clickhouse)
instance hosted in [Yandex.Cloud](https://cloud.yandex.com/).
More information about [cloud providers](../commercial/cloud.md).

ClickHouse Playground web interface makes requests via ClickHouse [HTTP API](../interfaces/http.md).

> Backend is just a ClickHouse cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playground backend is just a ClickHouse cluster without any additional server-side application.
```

> ClickHouse HTTP endpoint is is also available as a part of Playground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClickHouse HTTPS endpoint is is also available as a part of Playground.
```

> You can make queries to playground using `curl/wget` or set up a connection using [JDBC](../interfaces/jdbc.md)/[ODBC](../interfaces/odbc.md) drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make queries to playground using any HTTP client, for example [curl](https://curl.haxx.se) or [wget](https://curl.haxx.se), or set up a connection using [JDBC](../interfaces/jdbc.md) or [ODBC](../interfaces/odbc.md) drivers.
```
